CLDR-19129 Add missing links to updating DTDs (#5592)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/site/development/updating-dtds.md

#### Ordering of attributes

When you add an element or attribute, it is _vital_ to add them in the right place in the DTD.
The right ordering among attributes is especially important, because that determines the ordering of attributes in an [XPath] that we create. 

> And that is vital because we use regexes to match [XPaths], and changing the ordering causes all those regexes to fail!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The right ordering among attributes is especially important, because that determines the ordering of attributes in an [XPath] that we create. 
And that is vital because we use regexes to match [XPath]s, and changing the ordering causes all those regexes to fail!
```

- Moved to [**Running Tests**](/development/running-tests)

[non-distinguishing]: https://www.unicode.org/reports/tr35/#definitions
[Valid Attribute Values]: https://www.unicode.org/reports/tr35/#valid-attribute-values

> [xPath]: https://www.unicode.org/reports/tr35/#XPath

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[XPath]: https://www.unicode.org/reports/tr35/#XPath
```
